3.2 miles of racing action all the way to the checkered flag as the crowd
roll the drivers on to the final lap of this race and Verstappen sets off to
Hamilton. Is it gonna be a first world championship for Verstappen? Is it gonna be an
eight world championship for Lewis Hamilton? Where can Verstappen try and get
Paul Hamilton? First overtaking zone is normally down in a turn five is Verstappen
for it up back he's gonna make the lunch down the inside Hamilton sees it coming
it's a lead lunch by Verstappen who takes the lead of the race Verstappen
now snatches the championship trophy from Lewis Hamilton who's trying to find
back no D.R.S. for two laps so Lewis haven't a one more get the
rear wing open now he's gonna go down the outside if Verstappen keeps it tight
and neat but he hasn't he's got a little bit wide this race that started with
controversy is ending with controversy
here comes Lewis Hamilton though down the back straight he's got a sling
tree he almost touches Verstappen they almost made contact into turn nine
Verstappen stays ahead all Lewis Hamilton and all the drama and all the
controversy and all the fantastic moments in Formula One 2021 it comes down to
this and at this moment it looks like it's gonna go the way of Verstappen
Mercedes not happy Red Bull will be delighted they have shared a brilliant
championship battle but the championship can only be won by one and it's going
Dutch in 2021 Max Verstappen for the first time ever is champion of the world